Basic Questions (may vary):

Do you ride your bike often?
What do you do with your bike?
What kind of lock do you use (How much does it cost)?
How secure do you feel if you leave your bike out?
Do people know how to lock bikes?
If you had to buy another bike lock, what would you look for in it?

1:

Uses his bike for delivery every day
Kryptonite U-Lock, $120
From experience, doesn't believe any lock is secure. He feels safe enough with his current lock however.
Most people do not know how to lock a bike - demonstrated a bike near him that was locked incorrectly (only the front wheel was locked)
Said it'll be nice if a lock forced people to lock the bike properly (I shouldn't have asked this question specifically, not helpful)

2:

Uses bike every day for messaging work. Also rides from Brooklyn to Manhattan every day
Abus U-Lock, $50. Bike is $800
Always concerned for his bike's security. Only feels secure if locked for short periods.
Usually in the vicinity of bike
Thinks U-Locks are suitable for his current needs
Says people do not know how to lock bikes properly

3:

Messaging work. Rides from Queens to Manhattan.
Kryptonite U-Lock, $77
Doesn't feel secure with bike lock, wouldn't leave bike out for more than 10 min. 
In general, doesn't trust locks for extended amounts of time
Often would give lectures about proper lock procedure if he sees someone lock a bike incorrectly.
Claims people often bring bikes inside a building if they really want to try and keep it secure.

4:

Messaging work.
Built his own bike, $350. Kryptonite U-Lock, $125
Would only leave bike out locked 3 hours max
Mentioned that people sometimes miss the poles when locking bikes, doesn't believe people in general knows how to lock bikes properly
Mentions power tools (Apparently teenagers can walk around with grinders without a problem)
Says a lock designed with little space is optimal as it's harder to fit, say, a crowbar or something to force it open.

5:

Uses bike every other day
Short commutes from dorm to college
Leaves bike outside with other student's bikes
Relatively cheap bike $250
Uses chained tube (not as heavy as u-locks) "Pretty cheap probably" $10~
Felt relatively safe
Often just locks back wheel to frame
Had bike stolen a few times
Left bike in relatively obscure place
Bike is relatively light
Nothing was left behind
Had another bike stolen before, more expensive lock, tied to a pole with frame/back wheel, bad storm, no idea what happened.
